DOCSP-41335: Id field alias (#3042)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/query-builder.txt

The following example shows how to chain the ``orWhere()``
query builder method to retrieve documents from the

> ``movies`` collection that either match the ``_id``
> value of ``ObjectId('573a1398f29313caabce9682')`` or match
> the ``title`` value ``"Back to the Future"``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``movies`` collection in which the value of the``_id``
field is ``ObjectId('573a1398f29313caabce9682')`` or
the value of the ``title`` field is ``"Back to the Future"``:
```

.. literalinclude:: /includes/query-builder/QueryBuilderTest.php
   :language: php
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin query orWhere
   :end-before: end query orWhere

> .. note::
> 
>    Beginning in {+odm-short+} v5.0, you can use the ``id`` alias to
>    represent the ``_id`` field, as shown in the preceding code. When you
>    run a find operation using the query builder, {+odm-short+}
>    automatically converts between ``id`` and ``_id``. You cannot have
>    two separate ``id`` and ``_id`` fields in your documents.

Reviewer: S: (applies when you change the target branch to 5.0) Remove versioning since this is only going to be in that version of docs anyways

```suggestion
.. note::

   You can use the ``id`` alias in your queries to
   represent the ``_id`` field in MongoDB documents, as shown in the preceding code. When you
   run a find operation using the query builder, {+odm-short+}
   automatically converts between ``id`` and ``_id``. Because of this behavior,
   you cannot have two separate ``id`` and ``_id`` fields in your documents.
```

>    you cannot have two separate ``id`` and ``_id`` fields in your documents.

Reviewer 2: We can explain that this behavior allows better compatibility with Laravel, "id" being the default name for primary keys in SQL databases.
